
K8Q5: 
  
  -------------------------------

Question | Predicted Answer | Gold Answer
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Q1: To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?
  🤖 Predicted: The Virgin Mary allegedly appeared to Bernadette Soubirous in 1858 in Lourdes, France.
  ✅ Gold     : Saint Bernadette Soubirous

Q2: What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?
  🤖 Predicted: A copper statue of Christ with arms upraised with the legend "Venite Ad Me Omnes" is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building.
  ✅ Gold     : a copper statue of Christ

Q3: The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?
  🤖 Predicted: The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside the Main Building.
  ✅ Gold     : the Main Building

Q4: What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?
  🤖 Predicted: The Grotto at Notre Dame is a Marian place of prayer and reflection, a replica of the grotto at Lourdes, France.
  ✅ Gold     : a Marian place of prayer and reflection

Q5: What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?
  🤖 Predicted: A golden statue of the Virgin Mary sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame.
  ✅ Gold     : a golden statue of the Virgin Mary

Q6: When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?
  🤖 Predicted: The Scholastic Magazine of Notre Dame began publishing in September 1876.
  ✅ Gold     : September 1876

Q7: How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?
  🤖 Predicted: The Juggler is published twice a year.
  ✅ Gold     : twice

Q8: What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?
  🤖 Predicted: The daily student paper at Notre Dame is called The Observer.
  ✅ Gold     : The Observer

Q9: How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?
  🤖 Predicted: There are 3 student news papers at Notre Dame.
  ✅ Gold     : three

Q10: In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?
  🤖 Predicted: The student paper Common Sense began publication at Notre Dame in 1987.
  ✅ Gold     : 1987

Q11: Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?
  🤖 Predicted: The headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross is in Rome.
  ✅ Gold     : Rome

Q12: What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?
  🤖 Predicted: The primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross is Moreau Seminary.
  ✅ Gold     : Moreau Seminary

Q13: What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?
  🤖 Predicted: Old College, the oldest building on campus, is the oldest structure at Notre Dame.
  ✅ Gold     : Old College

Q14: What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?
  🤖 Predicted: Individuals who live at Fatima House at Notre Dame are retired priests and brothers.
  ✅ Gold     : Retired priests and brothers

Q15: Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?
  🤖 Predicted: Frederick Buechner created the Buechner Prize for Preaching.
  ✅ Gold     : Buechner Prize for Preaching

Q16: How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?
  🤖 Predicted: The College of Engineering at Notre Dame offers 8 BS level degrees.
  ✅ Gold     : eight

Q17: In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?
  🤖 Predicted: The College of Engineering at Notre Dame was formed in 1920.
  ✅ Gold     : 1920

Q18: Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?
  🤖 Predicted: Early courses in civil and mechanical engineering were a part of the College of Science since the 1870s.
  ✅ Gold     : the College of Science

Q19: How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?
  🤖 Predicted: There are 5 departments within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering.
  ✅ Gold     : five

Q20: The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?
  🤖 Predicted: The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses in the 1870s.
  ✅ Gold     : the 1870s

Q21: What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?
  🤖 Predicted: The entity that provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame is the First Year of Studies program.
  ✅ Gold     : Learning Resource Center

Q22: How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?
  🤖 Predicted: There are 5 undergraduate colleges at Notre Dame.
  ✅ Gold     : five

Q23: What was created at Notre Dame in 1962 to assist first year students?
  🤖 Predicted: The First Year of Studies program was established in 1962.
  ✅ Gold     : The First Year of Studies program

Q24: Which organization declared the First Year of Studies program at Notre Dame "outstanding?"
  🤖 Predicted: The First Year of Studies program at Notre Dame was recognized as "outstanding" by U.S. News & World Report.
  ✅ Gold     : U.S. News & World Report

Q25: The granting of Doctorate degrees first occurred in what year at Notre Dame?
  🤖 Predicted: The granting of Doctorate degrees first occurred in 1897 at Notre Dame.
  ✅ Gold     : 1924

Q26: What type of degree is an M.Div.?
  🤖 Predicted: An M.Div. is a Master of Divinity degree.
  ✅ Gold     : Master of Divinity

Q27: In what year was a Master of Arts course first offered at Notre Dame?
  🤖 Predicted: A Master of Arts course first offered at Notre Dame was in the 1854–1855 academic year.
  ✅ Gold     : Alliance for Catholic Education

Q28: Which department at Notre Dame is the only one to not offer a PhD program?
  🤖 Predicted: The only department at Notre Dame to not offer a PhD program is the Department of Theology.
  ✅ Gold     : 1854

Q29: Which program at Notre Dame offers a Master of Education degree?
  🤖 Predicted: The Alliance for Catholic Education program offers a Master of Education program.
  ✅ Gold     : Department of Pre-Professional Studies

Q30: What institute at Notre Dame studies  the reasons for violent conflict?
  🤖 Predicted: The Joan B. Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies studies the reasons for violent conflict.
  ✅ Gold     : Joan B. Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies

Q31: What is the title of Notre Dame's Theodore Hesburgh?
  🤖 Predicted: The title of Notre Dame's Theodore Hesburgh is President Emeritus.
  ✅ Gold     : President Emeritus of the University of Notre Dame

Q32: In what year was the Joan B. Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies founded?
  🤖 Predicted: The Joan B. Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies was founded in 1986.
  ✅ Gold     : 1986

Q33: To whom was John B. Kroc married?
  🤖 Predicted: John B. Kroc was married to Joan B. Kroc.
  ✅ Gold     : Ray Kroc

Q34: What company did Ray Kroc own?
  🤖 Predicted: Ray Kroc owned McDonald's.
  ✅ Gold     : McDonald's

Q35: How many stories tall is the main library at Notre Dame?
  🤖 Predicted: The main library at Notre Dame is 14 stories tall.
  ✅ Gold     : 14

Q36: What is the name of the main library at Notre Dame?
  🤖 Predicted: The main library at Notre Dame is the Theodore M. Hesburgh Library.
  ✅ Gold     : Theodore M. Hesburgh Library

Q37: In what year was the Theodore M. Hesburgh Library at Notre Dame finished?
  🤖 Predicted: The Theodore M. Hesburgh Library at Notre Dame was finished in 1963.
  ✅ Gold     : 1963

Q38: Which artist created the mural on the Theodore M. Hesburgh Library?
  🤖 Predicted: Millard Sheets created the mural on the Theodore M. Hesburgh Library.
  ✅ Gold     : Millard Sheets

Q39: What is a common name to reference the mural created by Millard Sheets at Notre Dame?
  🤖 Predicted: The mural created by Millard Sheets at Notre Dame is commonly known as "Touchdown Jesus".
  ✅ Gold     : Touchdown Jesus
